Round 1: Behavorial Round
How would you handle organizing a team building event for your team?
If you planned to ship a product and you did a big demo right before this shipment, but you find a crash hours before, how would you go about it?
Talk about one of the hardest challenges you've had in your life? Could be software related or not.


Hidden programming book gem I found that I see no one talks about as much as cracking the coding interview is Elements of Programming Interview. 
The book takes a problem-first approach which naturally takes a tehcnique-first approach as well, rather than more theory based.


I also strongly recommend "Cracking the Coding Interview". Many of those problems are also available on LeetCode, 
so you can actually use LeetCode as a complementary tool alongside the book. 
I would consider the book to be fairly entry-level, so if you're new to technical interview

However, to answer your question, having job experience just takes time (e.g. literally working at a job). You can also put a few interesting personal projects that you have worked on, but these should be things that you are very knowledgeable and passionate about. I find that top tech companies often are pretty forgiving on the resume especially for entry-level engineering positions, and mostly want to see if you can write good code. Since phone interviews don't cost the company a whole lot, they'll often give you a phone interview to start. This is your chance to shine, since the weight of this interview probably carries a lot more weight than the rest of your resume, so if you do fantastic on this phone call, then it's likely they will call you back, even if you have a subpar resume.

If you want to play the long game, you can work at a second-string tech company to build some experience for your resume. I'm not sure if this is allowed (mods, you can remove this if it's against the rules), but I have used TripleByte in the past, and while I did not ultimately take an offer through their platform, I did find the experience largely positive and would recommend it to other people. The interview experience is very smooth, and there are a lot of companies looking to hire. If you study CS basics for their quizzes, then you should do great. However, the two main downsides that I find are that the companies are usually startups that cannot afford to pay you a huge salary, although there are a couple big companies on there, like Apple and Lyft.
If you're feeling generous, feel free to use my referral link... full disclosure: it gives me $3000 if you take a job through them.

https://triplebyte.com/iv/bb0Dd3W/cp/header


Years ago, these were the only problems, but since then, Database, Shell, and Concurrency have been added. 
So you should view only Algorithms problems in the problem set: https://leetcode.com/problemset/algorithms/
This is going to be your "home base", so let's customize it.
You can click the "Difficulty" header twice to sort it from easiest to hardest. Interesting enough, this also sorts them within each Easy/Medium/Hard category in reverse order by acceptance rate.
Click the empty header in the first column to sort with the unsolved problems on top.
Finally, you can optionally 
run this script  https://pastebin.com/raw/LkTzgkDr
in your web browser console to filter out the questions that are locked for non-premium users. Of course, it's a little sketchy to run Javascript you find online in your browser console, but it's pretty simple if you want to understand what it does.
